You can also nest loop inside loops.
So now I'm nesting another loop where I specify another variable and I can't use i here because i is
already taken here. So I'll use j,
also set this to equal and run this only two times,
so as long as j is smaller than two and then I will increment this
as well.
Now I want to print
i times j,
what do you think we'll now see if I hit run?
Well we got quite a lot of values,
we got 0,0,0,1,0,2,0,3,0,4,
so what's happening here?
Well this code here is executed in each round of this outer loop,
so the first time we get into here, i is zero and j is zero and therefore, we have i times
j,
zero times zero, we get zero.
Now before we go to the next loop round of this outer loop,
we still got two rounds to go inside here, so we increase j by 1 and we do the same thing again,
multiply 0 times 1,
we still get 0, then we increase it one more time,
we got two and therefore we quit out of the loop since
now j is two and no longer smaller than 2.
So we now continue with the next round of this outer loop and i is incremented and therefore, we have
i being equal to 1.
We go into our inner loop again and J is set back to zero, so we have one times zero and therefore
we get zero.
Now j is increased by 1 and we get 1 times 1 and therefore get 1
and so on.
So the inner loop is executed upon each iteration of the outer loop and before the inner loop isn't finished,
the outer
loop won't continue.